Hey, everybody.
Welcome back to Boost Your Income with
Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called the final, and
might I add, very beautiful, WordPress
website you're gonna be building.
Check it out.
[MUSIC]
So this is the final WordPress website.
This is fully coded, fully designed,
everything is implemented.
Exactly what you see on the screen
is what you're gonna be
building throughout the entire course.
So you're actually gonna
be able to build this.
So this is the homepage.
Right here, we have a nice big
header graphic here with some
cool design elements,
the title of the website,
a few price tags, I guess you
can call them, a couple buttons.
This Subscribe button is gonna pop
down a modal window where you can
subscribe to the mailing list,
and get a discount,
or whatever it is that you'd
want to send your subscribers.
And then we have just a few sections here.
All of these,
this looks just like normal text, but
this is all fully implemented
in the WordPress back-end.
And I'll show you that momentarily.
So this is all easily editable by
the WordPress content management system,
all of this text here,
plus the graphics, some more fun stuff,
cool parallax effect in
the background there.
As you could see,
we're gonna be building that as well.
Just a big picture of me looking funny,
and
some testimonials right
here that are also dynamic.
And you can add them
individually using WordPress.
So you can have as many
testimonials as you want.
And at the bottom, we have a big,
nice, sexy call to action with, again,
a parallax background and
a button that will take you to
wherever you want that to go.
We have a Blog section, which is
the strength of WordPress,
the blogging platform.
So here, we have our custom designed and
developed blog with our excerpts.
As you could see here,
I only have a couple.
Again, these are actual blog
posts with random texts,
but it's actually added using WordPress.
If you click on the Posts,
you'll go into the full post, and
then there's comments at the bottom.
These are actual WordPress comments.
You can click on these, reply,
you can leave a reply down at the bottom.
You can also click on the individual
categories or tags, and that will take you
to the category or tag template, again,
which you're going to be coding.
So this is the coding category.
It shows you the posts under coding.
If I were to click on a tag,
like WordPress tutorial,
it will take me to the WordPress
tutorial template.
Showing me the individual blog posts
tagged with WordPress tutorial.
Resources, this is just a page,
an inside page for this website.
And we're just displaying the resources
that you could find useful.
Obviously, I'm putting the ones that
I find useful and they're also just
kind of examples, but they are incredibly
useful, JustHost, Coda, and Dropbox.
But that's beside the point,
these are dynamic, and
are editable, and addable,
if that's even a word, via WordPress.
Again, I'll show you in a little bit.
And then we have a Contact
page with a contact form,
very simple, but very useful.
And you can add your information here,
click Get in touch, and
you'll send an email.
So let's take a little look at
the back-end of the website.
Here is our WordPress dashboard, comes
with the WordPress software for free.
And here is our sidebar with
all the information and
stuff that we can add and
edit to the website.
So we have our Posts,
that's if we wanna add blog posts.
Media, that's if you're adding pictures
and images in your blog posts and such.
Pages, this would be like the Resources or
Contact page.
Or for example, the home and
blog page as well, which we'll dive
into when we get into the course.
Comments, you can manage your comments.
Testimonials, this is a custom
post that we are going to
add to our WordPress dashboard.
So this doesn't come
natively with WordPress.
We added this ourselves.
So we can add a testimonial, and you could
see here, these are the testimonials.
If I click in here,
I could see the testimonial title,
the information,
like the actual quote itself, and
the featured image with the graphic
of the person, or the headshot.
So that's Testimonials.
Resources, same thing,
we can add individual resources and
they will all pull in dynamically
on our Resources page.
Here we have Dropbox, Coda address host.
This is what it looks like when you go in.
We have the title of the resource,
we have the little blurb, and down here,
we have the button text and the link
that we want the resource to link to.
And that all dynamically generates,
same with our feature image over here.
Course Features, this is on the homepage
where we have the little course
features that tells you about what's so
great about this specific course.
Obviously, this is an example website and
I'm basically building the course website
and you're gonna be building it as well.
But you can use these tricks and
these tips to build your own website,
so that you can add your own custom
sidebars, and everything like that.
So these are just examples.
Accessible content on your mobile devices,
so
you could see here,
it just has room for a text field.
So one of the features, and course feature
icons, choose the icon you'd like to
display, so device, instructor, calendar,
watch, computer, and so on and so forth.
This is all custom
developed in the WordPress.
And this chooses the icon that
will display above the feature,
really super cool.
Contact, this is our contact form.
We're using the Contact Form 7 plugin,
which we will get into a little
further in the course.
Appearance, Here is our custom theme,
the Bootstrap to WordPress
theme that we will build.
And you can utilize
the WordPress customize feature.
And you could basically edit
your site title and tagline,
which will show up right here.
The logo, so this logo up here,
you can change that logo.
And these other things don't necessarily
work because we have pretty dynamic
backgrounds.
We have different textures and stuff, so
these don't really matter for this course.
Navigation, we could choose the menus for
our primary menu, which is up here.
And at the very bottom,
we have a footer menu down here.
And so we'll get into how to use the menus
and stuff in the course as well.
Widgets and all that sort of stuff,
we'll also get into later.
So that is our full WordPress website,
and we're utilizing really,
really cool features like custom fields,
custom post types.
We're dynamically generating testimonials
and resources, our blog posts.
It's really, really cool, and
you can pretty much build anything
that you want knowing these skills.
Any website with certain
specific functionalities,
you could build that with WordPress.
That's how powerful it is, and
that's why I wanna teach you this course.
Also, I'm very excited about it.
So why don't we jump into
the next lecture, and
see where we can go from there?
[MUSIC]